CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Sawppy

First of all, thank you for your time helping to make Sawppy better!

This document outlines the current thinking on how to keep everyone's
ideas organized. Since Sawppy is a physical piece of hardware, we can't
always use what works for strictly software projects on Github. Ideas
on how to improve the process are welcome: open an issue so we can discuss.

## Documentation

If you feel you can help make Sawppy's written documentation better, feel
free to create a pull request against the relevant markdown files directly.
We can discuss details within that pull request.

## Modifications

If you have an interesting modification for standard Sawppy, put it in
the `modifications` folder. Add a description and link to your modification
in `modifications/README.md`. If you would like to include some files as
well, create a subdirectory under `modifications` to hold your files. If you
aren't sure what to name that subdirectory, use your real or Github name.

It is recommended to include the following information:
* Motivation for why you designed it, and why someone might want it.
* Instructions for the modification
* Pictures to illustrate the modification
* (If applicable) CAD or 3D data for the modification.

## Issues

If you see a problem but are not sure of the solution, feel free to open an
issue to describe the problem. We'll do our best, but please keep in mind
everyone here is working on their own time and there is no guarantee of a
timely answer.

Commit message:

Option to purchase parts via Amazon affiliate links

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Sawppy

First of all, thank you for your time helping to make Sawppy better!

This document outlines the current thinking on how to keep everyone's
ideas organized. Since Sawppy is a physical piece of hardware, we can't
always use what works for strictly software projects on Github. Ideas
on how to improve the process are welcome: open an issue so we can discuss.

## Documentation

If you feel you can help make Sawppy's written documentation better, feel
free to create a pull request against the relevant markdown files directly.
We can discuss details within that pull request.

## Modifications

If you have an interesting modification for standard Sawppy, put it in
the `modifications` folder. Add a description and link to your modification
in `modifications/README.md`. If you would like to include some files as
well, create a subdirectory under `modifications` to hold your files. If you
aren't sure what to name that subdirectory, use your real or Github name.

It is recommended to include the following information:
* Motivation for why you designed it, and why someone might want it.
* Instructions for the modification
* Pictures to illustrate the modification
* (If applicable) CAD or 3D data for the modification.

## Issues

If you see a problem but are not sure of the solution, feel free to open an
issue to describe the problem. We'll do our best, but please keep in mind
everyone here is working on their own time and there is no guarantee of a
timely answer.

## Money

Sawppy is shared free of charge, but builders in the United States may
choose to buy some parts via
[Amazon affiliate links](docs/AmazonAssociate.md)
which will send a small sales commission to Sawppy's creator.
