docs/AmazonAssociate.md, before:

# Support Sawppy via Amazon Associates Program
Sawppy the Rover is a project done out of love of our interplanetary robotic
explorers Curiosity and Perseverance. Sawppy's design and instructions for
construction are shared with other rover lovers free of charge under the
permissive MIT license.

Some very generous people have offered to donate to
help the project. I have declined offers of direct donation, but I have
set up an Amazon Affiliates account based on suggestion. If an aspiring
rover builder buys components from Amazon (USA) using the links
below, they will pay the same price but Amazon will send a (very small)
percentage of the sale to me as sales commission.
Here is the boilerplate disclosure:
_As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases._

I have other links to Amazon products scattered throughout Sawppy
documentation, but they are generic links that do not earn commission.
This is the only page with affiliate links.

__Name__ | __Specific__ | __Generic__ | __Comments__
--- | --- | --- | ---
_**Mechanical**_ |
LX-16A Bundle | [Hiwonder](https://amzn.to/2WAm4Wl) | | Each bundle includes 5 servos and 1 BusLinker. A rover needs 10 servos and 1 BusLinker.
LX-16A | [Hiwonder](https://amzn.to/2z0VVqV) | | Individual replacements, or if bundle is not available.
BusLinker | [TTL Board](https://amzn.to/2T4V8vZ) | | Only one needed per rover. Do not need to buy separately if buying LX-16A bundle.
Turnbuckle | [Hobbypark](https://amzn.to/3cCZ5Qg) | | Eyes at end should fit M3 fasteners
Bearings | [SACKORANGE](https://amzn.to/3fMBiiG) | [608](https://amzn.to/2WyPHHO) | Inexpensive generics are fine
M3 Heat Set Inserts | [Initeq](https://amzn.to/2WWCF5Q) | | 3D printed parts are sized to this outer diameter
Cable sleeve | [Techflex](https://amzn.to/366gdLy) | | Wire management
_**Electronics and Communication**_ |
Raspberry Pi | [Pi 3 Model B](https://amzn.to/3cArxSI) | [Raspberry Pi](https://amzn.to/2AythOm) | 3B+ now available, Pi 4 should also work
microSD Card | [Sandisk Extreme 32GB](https://amzn.to/3bET8AS) | | For Raspberry Pi
Wireless Router | [Asus RT-AC1200](https://amzn.to/2TcYBst) | | (Optional) Easier to find a channel on 5GHz WiFi in crowded places.
Arduino Nano | [ELEGOO](https://amzn.to/3bvAFXy) | [Other Clones](https://amzn.to/2LzvqLK) | (Optional) backup [wired control](https://github.com/Roger-random/Sawppy_Rover/tree/master/docs#wired-arduino)
Joystick module | | [WMYCONGCONG](https://amzn.to/3fNR0KB) | (Optional) backup [wired control](https://github.com/Roger-random/Sawppy_Rover/tree/master/docs#wired-arduino)
_**Power System**_ |
Battery | [Floureon](https://amzn.to/3dQJ21r) | [2S LiPo](https://amzn.to/2WWz2ge) | Typically sold for remote control cars/boats/aircraft.
Battery Connector | [Adoreco](https://amzn.to/2WZhikp) | [Deans T Plug](https://amzn.to/3dPsbfh) | Commodity plug
Inline Fuse Holder | [Nilight](https://amzn.to/3cCqfXf) | | Holds automotive style blade fuses
Fuse Assortment | [BESTTOYHOME](https://amzn.to/2WY3zKA) | | 5A fuse allows normal operations while protecting against abuse
5V Regulator | [Qunqi](https://amzn.to/2AyxH7T) | [MP1584EN](https://amzn.to/361HHlK) | Converts raw battery power to 5V for Raspberry Pi
Battery Charger | [Tenergy TB6-B](https://amzn.to/3dNjMZV) | [LiPo Charger](https://amzn.to/2TcliwL) | Cell balancing capability preferred
Power Switch | [Conwork SPST](https://amzn.to/2ApRB4L) | | (Optional) This one fits in my power panel
Voltage LED | [Baite](https://amzn.to/364aeqD) | | (Optional) This one fits in my power panel
Low Battery Alarm | [Woafly](https://amzn.to/3fVtOdt) | | (Optional) Connected to battery's balancing plug


### Legend:
* __Name__ used in Sawppy documentation.
* __Specific__ This is the specific item for my own Sawppy and I am happy with my first hand experience.
* __Generic__ This is the general category of items. Not specifically on board my rover but they should all work just fine. (If it's a link to a specific item: I was not happy with my experience, but it was nominally usable.)
* __Comments__ Addendum

Commit message:

add link to JST2.0P3 connectors

docs/AmazonAssociate.md, after:

# Support Sawppy via Amazon Associates Program
Sawppy the Rover is a project done out of love of our interplanetary robotic
explorers Curiosity and Perseverance. Sawppy's design and instructions for
construction are shared with other rover lovers free of charge under the
permissive MIT license.

Some very generous people have offered to donate to
help the project. I have declined offers of direct donation, but I have
set up an Amazon Affiliates account based on suggestion. If an aspiring
rover builder buys components from Amazon (USA) using the links
below, they will pay the same price but Amazon will send a (very small)
percentage of the sale to me as sales commission.
Here is the boilerplate disclosure:
_As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases._

I have other links to Amazon products scattered throughout Sawppy
documentation, but they are generic links that do not earn commission.
This is the only page with affiliate links.

__Name__ | __Specific__ | __Generic__ | __Comments__
--- | --- | --- | ---
_**Mechanical**_ |
LX-16A Bundle | [Hiwonder](https://amzn.to/2WAm4Wl) | | Each bundle includes 5 servos and 1 BusLinker. A rover needs 10 servos and 1 BusLinker.
LX-16A | [Hiwonder](https://amzn.to/2z0VVqV) | | Individual replacements, or if bundle is not available.
BusLinker | [TTL Board](https://amzn.to/2T4V8vZ) | | Only one needed per rover. Do not need to buy separately if buying LX-16A bundle.
Turnbuckle | [Hobbypark](https://amzn.to/3cCZ5Qg) | | Eyes at end should fit M3 fasteners
Bearings | [SACKORANGE](https://amzn.to/3fMBiiG) | [608](https://amzn.to/2WyPHHO) | Inexpensive generics are fine
M3 Heat Set Inserts | [Initeq](https://amzn.to/2WWCF5Q) | | 3D printed parts are sized to this outer diameter
Cable sleeve | [Techflex](https://amzn.to/366gdLy) | | Wire management
_**Electronics and Communication**_ |
Servo Cable Connectors | | [JST2.0 P3 Connectors](https://www.amazon.com/80Pcs-JST-2-0-Connector-Plug/dp/B0DMW522GM) | To connect servos to BusLinker
Raspberry Pi | [Pi 3 Model B](https://amzn.to/3cArxSI) | [Raspberry Pi](https://amzn.to/2AythOm) | 3B+ now available, Pi 4 should also work
microSD Card | [Sandisk Extreme 32GB](https://amzn.to/3bET8AS) | | For Raspberry Pi
Wireless Router | [Asus RT-AC1200](https://amzn.to/2TcYBst) | | (Optional) Easier to find a channel on 5GHz WiFi in crowded places.
Arduino Nano | [ELEGOO](https://amzn.to/3bvAFXy) | [Other Clones](https://amzn.to/2LzvqLK) | (Optional) backup [wired control](https://github.com/Roger-random/Sawppy_Rover/tree/master/docs#wired-arduino)
Joystick module | | [WMYCONGCONG](https://amzn.to/3fNR0KB) | (Optional) backup [wired control](https://github.com/Roger-random/Sawppy_Rover/tree/master/docs#wired-arduino)
_**Power System**_ |
Battery | [Floureon](https://amzn.to/3dQJ21r) | [2S LiPo](https://amzn.to/2WWz2ge) | Typically sold for remote control cars/boats/aircraft.
Battery Connector | [Adoreco](https://amzn.to/2WZhikp) | [Deans T Plug](https://amzn.to/3dPsbfh) | Commodity plug
Inline Fuse Holder | [Nilight](https://amzn.to/3cCqfXf) | | Holds automotive style blade fuses
Fuse Assortment | [BESTTOYHOME](https://amzn.to/2WY3zKA) | | 5A fuse allows normal operations while protecting against abuse
5V Regulator | [Qunqi](https://amzn.to/2AyxH7T) | [MP1584EN](https://amzn.to/361HHlK) | Converts raw battery power to 5V for Raspberry Pi
Battery Charger | [Tenergy TB6-B](https://amzn.to/3dNjMZV) | [LiPo Charger](https://amzn.to/2TcliwL) | Cell balancing capability preferred
Power Switch | [Conwork SPST](https://amzn.to/2ApRB4L) | | (Optional) This one fits in my power panel
Voltage LED | [Baite](https://amzn.to/364aeqD) | | (Optional) This one fits in my power panel
Low Battery Alarm | [Woafly](https://amzn.to/3fVtOdt) | | (Optional) Connected to battery's balancing plug


### Legend:
* __Name__ used in Sawppy documentation.
* __Specific__ This is the specific item for my own Sawppy and I am happy with my first hand experience.
* __Generic__ This is the general category of items. Not specifically on board my rover but they should all work just fine. (If it's a link to a specific item: I was not happy with my experience, but it was nominally usable.)
* __Comments__ Addendum
