docs/AssembleBogie.md, before:

# Bogie Assembly

Bogie portion of the suspension links the middle wheel to the rear wheel.

**Estimated Time:** 30 minutes per side = 1 hour total

**Parts:**
* 1 * [117mm aluminum beam](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 1 * [122mm aluminum beam](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 1 * [Rear steering corner](Print%20Corner%20Steering%20Joints.md#rear-corners)
* 1 * [Fixed knuckle](Print%20Fixed%20Knuckle.md)
* 1 * [Bogie pivot](Print%20Suspension%20Bogie%20Joints.md#bogie-pivot)
* 1 * [Steering knuckle](Print%20Steering%20Knuckle.md)
* 1 * [Servo actuator module](AssembleActuatorModule.md)
* 11 * [M3 nut installation tool for 2 nuts, 12.5mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 2 * M3 set screws
* 24 * M3x8mm bolts
* 24 * M3 washers

![Bogie parts](images/Bogie01-Parts.jpg)

The 117mm extrusion connects the Rear Corner and the angled side of the Bogie Wheel part.

![Bogie rear installed](images/Bogie02-Rear.jpg)

The 122mm extrusion connects the Bogie Wheel part on the straight side, and the  Fixed Knuckle. The extrusion extends from the open side of the Fixed knuckle.

![Bogie mid installed](images/Bogie03-Mid.jpg)

The Rear Corner should extend out away from the body when the assembly is mounted.

![Bogie with rear corner components](images/Bogie04-RearCorner.jpg)

![Bogie complete](images/Bogie05-Complete.jpg)

Repeat for other side of rover.

Commit message:

Errata: left-right reverse Bogie-Wheels
Thanks to Tim for sharing these pictures (https://hackaday.io/timing2211)

docs/AssembleBogie.md, after:

# Bogie Assembly

Bogie portion of the suspension links the middle wheel to the rear wheel.

**Estimated Time:** 30 minutes per side = 1 hour total

**Parts:**
* 1 * [117mm aluminum beam](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 1 * [122mm aluminum beam](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 1 * [Rear steering corner](Print%20Corner%20Steering%20Joints.md#rear-corners)
* 1 * [Fixed knuckle](Print%20Fixed%20Knuckle.md)
* 1 * [Bogie pivot](Print%20Suspension%20Bogie%20Joints.md#bogie-pivot)
* 1 * [Steering knuckle](Print%20Steering%20Knuckle.md)
* 1 * [Servo actuator module](AssembleActuatorModule.md)
* 11 * [M3 nut installation tool for 2 nuts, 12.5mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 2 * M3 set screws
* 24 * M3x8mm bolts
* 24 * M3 washers

![Bogie parts](images/Bogie01-Parts.jpg)

The 117mm extrusion connects the Rear Corner and the angled side of the Bogie Wheel part.

![Bogie rear installed](images/Bogie02-Rear.jpg)

The 122mm extrusion connects the Bogie Wheel part on the straight side, and the Fixed Knuckle. The extrusion extends from the open side of the Fixed knuckle.

![Bogie mid installed](images/Bogie03-Mid.jpg)

The Rear Corner should extend out away from the body when the assembly is mounted.

![Bogie with rear corner components](images/Bogie04-RearCorner.jpg)

![Bogie complete](images/Bogie05-Complete.jpg)

Repeat for other side of rover.

## Sawppy V1 Errata
Sawppy v1 has a design flaw where it is easy to make the mistake of using the
left side Bogie-Wheel part on the right side of the rover. (And vice-versa.) Several
rover builders ran into this, and I am contemplating several ways to improve. In the
meantime please be aware: If a Sawppy rover's middle wheels are splayed out at
an angle rather than forward-back as designed, it is because the Bogie-Wheel parts
had been installed left-right reversed from intended. (Thanks to
[Tim](https://hackaday.io/timing2211) for sharing these pictures.)

Correct | Bogie-Wheel part reversed left-right
--- | ---
![Correct Bogie-Wheel installation](images/Tim-Sawppy-Bogie-Wheels-LRCorrect-360.jpeg) | ![Left-right reversed BOgie-Wheel installation](images/Tim-Sawppy-Bogie-Wheels-LRSwapped-360.jpeg)
