docs/AssembleDifferential.md, before:

# Differential Assembly

The differential pivots about the center of the rover body to distribute suspension motion across
to the other side of the rover.

**Estimated Time:** 45 minutes

**Parts:**
* All [printed differential components](Print%20Differential.md)
* 1 * 8mm diameter 300mm long steel shaft
* 1 * [238mm aluminum beam](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 8 * [M3 nut installation tool for 2 nuts, 12.5mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 32 * M3x8mm bolts
* 10 * M3x16mm bolts
* 26 * M3 nuts
* 52 * M3 washers
* 2 * M3 set screws

![Differential parts](images/Differential01-Parts.jpg)

![Differential rod support installed](images/Differential02-RodSupport.jpg)

Use 4 M3x8mm bolts with washers to fasten upper and lower parts of differential pivot.

![Upper and lower part of differential installed](images/Differential03-UpperLower.jpg)

Use 10 M3x16mm bolts and nuts (with washers) to fasten top and bottom parts of differential brace together.

![Brace installed](images/Differential04-Brace.jpg)

6 M3 nut installation tools, 12 M3x8mm bolts with washers.

![Left and right brackets for differential beam installed](images/Differential05-Beam.jpg)

2 M3 set screws to hold the links in place on the pivot shaft.

![Links at end of pivot bar installed](images/Differential06-Links.jpg)

Bolt the differential onto the beam with 2 more M3 nut installation tools, 4 M3x8mm bolts with washers.

![Differential complete](images/Differential07-Complete.jpg)

Bolt differential onto body box with 12 M3x8mm bolts with washers.

![Differential mounted on body](images/Differential08-Installed.jpg)

The Differential Ends should be about 20mm from the Rocker Body mounts. The distance will vary slightly, depending on the length of the turnbuckle used.

Commit message:

Build note updates
As I was working on my Sawppy build, I updated the build instructions
whenever I noticed things that I thought should be corrected or better
described. This commit contains those updates:
* Note that wheels are attached with M3x16mm bolts.
* Updated part list:
  * Reduced number of M3 set screws required from 100 to 22.
    McMaster-Carr sells these set screws in boxes of 25 so I ended up
    with 3 boxes that I didn't need based on the original incorrect
    quantity.
  * Added longer screws required for attaching servo horns to the servo
    couplers.
* Added a note to the "Print Differential" documentation to indicate
  that the 2 Diff End parts should be mirror images of each other.
* Added a note to the "Body Assembly" documentation to note where the
  last four M3 clips should be installed on the body beams for future
  attachment of the differential.
* Added a note to the "Differential Assembly" documentation to note
  that the M3 clips should be added to the middle of the differential
  beam before the L shaped brackets are attached.
* Added "Parts:" list to the Bogie and Rocker Assembly documentation
  to make them more consistent with the rest of the assembly docs.
* Updated the "Rocker Assembly" documentation to clarify a few points:
  * Noted where E-clips are used.
  * I think M3x16mm bolts without washers are used to attach the
    turnbuckles.

docs/AssembleDifferential.md, after:

# Differential Assembly

The differential pivots about the center of the rover body to distribute suspension motion across
to the other side of the rover.

**Estimated Time:** 45 minutes

**Parts:**
* All [printed differential components](Print%20Differential.md)
* 1 * 8mm diameter 300mm long steel shaft
* 1 * [238mm aluminum beam](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 8 * [M3 nut installation tool for 2 nuts, 12.5mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 32 * M3x8mm bolts
* 10 * M3x16mm bolts
* 26 * M3 nuts
* 52 * M3 washers
* 2 * M3 set screws

![Differential parts](images/Differential01-Parts.jpg)

![Differential rod support installed](images/Differential02-RodSupport.jpg)

Use 4 M3x8mm bolts with washers to fasten upper and lower parts of differential pivot.

![Upper and lower part of differential installed](images/Differential03-UpperLower.jpg)

Use 10 M3x16mm bolts and nuts (with washers) to fasten top and bottom parts of differential brace together.

![Brace installed](images/Differential04-Brace.jpg)

Insert 2 M3 nut installation tools in center of differential beam side slots for future attachment of differential.

6 M3 nut installation tools, 12 M3x8mm bolts with washers.

![Left and right brackets for differential beam installed](images/Differential05-Beam.jpg)

2 M3 set screws to hold the links in place on the pivot shaft.

![Links at end of pivot bar installed](images/Differential06-Links.jpg)

Bolt the differential onto the beam with 4 M3x8mm bolts with washers and the 2 previously installed M3 nut installation tools.

![Differential complete](images/Differential07-Complete.jpg)

Bolt differential onto body box with 12 M3x8mm bolts with washers.

![Differential mounted on body](images/Differential08-Installed.jpg)

The Differential Ends should be about 20mm from the Rocker Body mounts. The distance will vary slightly, depending on the length of the turnbuckle used.
