docs/AssembleRocker.md, before:

# Rocker Assembly

Rocker portion of suspension arm links the front wheel to the bogie assembly.
The whole suspension subassembly is then mounted to the main body box.

**Estimated Time:** 30 minutes each * 2 sides = 1 hour total

You will use the 161mm and 182mm extrusions for this.

You will also need the Bogie End, Front Corner, and the Rocker printed parts.

![Rocker parts](images/Rocker01-Parts.jpg)

Aluminum beam to link to bogie.

![Rocker link to bogie](images/Rocker02-Rear.jpg)

Aluminum beam to link to front corner.

![Rocker link to front wheel](images/Rocker03-Front.jpg)

Front corner steering mechanisms.

![Front corner steering pieces](images/Rocker04-FrontCorner.jpg)

Rocker subassembly complete.

![Rocker complete](images/Rocker05-Complete.jpg)

Rocker subassembly plus bogie subassembly.

![Join up with bogie](images/Rocker06-WithBogie.jpg)

Rocker-bogie installed on body.

![Join up with body](images/Rocker07-Mounted.jpg)

Rocker-bogie connects to differential via turnbuckle.

![Turnbuckle connects to differential](images/Rocker08-Turnbuckle.jpg)

Repeat for other side of body.

Commit message:

Updated parts counts, added extrusion notes between images

docs/AssembleRocker.md, after:

# Rocker Assembly

Rocker portion of suspension arm links the front wheel to the bogie assembly.
The whole suspension subassembly is then mounted to the main body box.

**Estimated Time:** 30 minutes each * 2 sides = 1 hour total

You will use the 161mm and 182mm extrusions for this.

You will also need the Bogie End, Front Corner, and the Rocker printed parts.

![Rocker parts](images/Rocker01-Parts.jpg)

Aluminum beam to link to bogie. The 161mm extrusion goes between the Bogie End and the straight side of the Rocker.

![Rocker link to bogie](images/Rocker02-Rear.jpg)

Aluminum beam to link to front corner. The 182mm extrusion goes between the angled side of the Rocker and the Front Corner.

![Rocker link to front wheel](images/Rocker03-Front.jpg)

Front corner steering mechanisms.

![Front corner steering pieces](images/Rocker04-FrontCorner.jpg)

Rocker subassembly complete.

![Rocker complete](images/Rocker05-Complete.jpg)

Rocker subassembly plus bogie subassembly. The three wheel mounts should all be roughly in line with each other.

![Join up with bogie](images/Rocker06-WithBogie.jpg)

Rocker-bogie installed on body.

![Join up with body](images/Rocker07-Mounted.jpg)

Rocker-bogie connects to differential via turnbuckle.

![Turnbuckle connects to differential](images/Rocker08-Turnbuckle.jpg)

Repeat for other side of body.
