docs/AssembleBody.md, before:

# Body Assembly

These parts make up the box that serves as the rover's main body and equipment bay.

**Estimated Time:** 1 hour 15 minutes

**Parts:**
* 4 * [Printed corner pieces](Print%20Body%20Box%20Corners.md)
* 4 * [385mm extrusion beams](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 4 * [245mm extrusion beams](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 2 * [Rocker joint body mount](AssemblePivotJoints.md)
* 12 * [Installation tool for 3 M3 nuts, 20mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 32 * [Installation tool for 2 M3 nuts, 12.5mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 100 * M3x8mm bolts
* 100 * M3 washers

![Body parts](images/Body01-Parts.jpg)

![Body rear](images/Body02-Rear.jpg)

![Body front](images/Body03-Front.jpg)

![Body left](images/Body04-Left.jpg)

![Body right](images/Body05-Right.jpg)

![Body joined](images/Body06-Joined.jpg)

For proportion faithful to Curiosity rover side view seen in Onshape CAD file, there should be 62mm of aluminum extrusion visible between front face of "Rocker Body mount" and rear face of front "Body Corner".

In practice this can be moved forward/back as the builder pleases to maintain best balance for their rover chassis. Which will vary with every rover build as it depends on what's installed in equipment bay.

Commit message:

Build note updates
As I was working on my Sawppy build, I updated the build instructions
whenever I noticed things that I thought should be corrected or better
described. This commit contains those updates:
* Note that wheels are attached with M3x16mm bolts.
* Updated part list:
  * Reduced number of M3 set screws required from 100 to 22.
    McMaster-Carr sells these set screws in boxes of 25 so I ended up
    with 3 boxes that I didn't need based on the original incorrect
    quantity.
  * Added longer screws required for attaching servo horns to the servo
    couplers.
* Added a note to the "Print Differential" documentation to indicate
  that the 2 Diff End parts should be mirror images of each other.
* Added a note to the "Body Assembly" documentation to note where the
  last four M3 clips should be installed on the body beams for future
  attachment of the differential.
* Added a note to the "Differential Assembly" documentation to note
  that the M3 clips should be added to the middle of the differential
  beam before the L shaped brackets are attached.
* Added "Parts:" list to the Bogie and Rocker Assembly documentation
  to make them more consistent with the rest of the assembly docs.
* Updated the "Rocker Assembly" documentation to clarify a few points:
  * Noted where E-clips are used.
  * I think M3x16mm bolts without washers are used to attach the
    turnbuckles.

docs/AssembleBody.md, after:

# Body Assembly

These parts make up the box that serves as the rover's main body and equipment bay.

**Estimated Time:** 1 hour 15 minutes

**Parts:**
* 4 * [Printed corner pieces](Print%20Body%20Box%20Corners.md)
* 4 * [385mm extrusion beams](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 4 * [245mm extrusion beams](Misumi%20HFS%203.md)
* 2 * [Rocker joint body mount](AssemblePivotJoints.md)
* 12 * [Installation tool for 3 M3 nuts, 20mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 32 * [Installation tool for 2 M3 nuts, 12.5mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md)
* 100 * M3x8mm bolts
* 100 * M3 washers

![Body parts](images/Body01-Parts.jpg)

![Body rear](images/Body02-Rear.jpg)

![Body front](images/Body03-Front.jpg)

![Body left](images/Body04-Left.jpg)

![Body right](images/Body05-Right.jpg)

**Note:** Before attaching the rear body portion to the body sides, the last 4 of the [Installation tools for 3 M3 nuts, 20mm apart](Print%20M3%20Installation%20Tool.md) should be installed in the top beam of the right and left body sides for future installation of the [Differential End Pieces](../STL/DiffEnd.stl) during the [Suspension Differential Assembly](AssembleDifferential.md). They are installed in the top and outside slots of the top beams.

![Body joined](images/Body06-Joined.jpg)

For proportion faithful to Curiosity rover side view seen in Onshape CAD file, there should be 62mm of aluminum extrusion visible between front face of "Rocker Body mount" and rear face of front "Body Corner".

In practice this can be moved forward/back as the builder pleases to maintain best balance for their rover chassis. Which will vary with every rover build as it depends on what's installed in equipment bay.
