docs/Parts List.md, before:

# Parts List

## Printed Parts
To Build Sawppy the Rover, you will need to print the following parts. Quantities and notes are listed.

| QTY | PART | NOTES |
|:---:|:----:|:-----:|
| 88 | Clip2n125 | Print a few extra for spares |
| 12 | Clip3n20 | Print a few extra for spares |
| 6 | Wheel Hub | Print a few extra for spares |
| 10 | LX-16A - Coupler | Print a few extra for spares |
| 10 | LX-16A - Bracket | |
| 6 | Wheel | |
| 4 | Steering Knuckle | |
| 4 | Body Corner | |
| 2 | DiffBrace | |
| 2 | DiffLink | |
| 1 | DiffLower | |
| 1 | DiffUpper | |
| 2 | Rod Support | |
| 1 | Power Panel | |
| 2 | Fixed Knuckle | Mirrored |
| 2 | Front Corner | Mirrored |
| 2 | Rear Corner | Mirrored |
| 2 | Bogie Wheels | Mirrored |
| 2 | Bogie Body | Mirrored |
| 2 | Rocker | Mirrored |
| 2 | Rocker Body Mount | Mirrored |
| 2 | DiffEnd | Mirrored |
| 2 | Battery Tray | Mirrored |

## Shafts
The following are lengths and quantites for the shafts. You should make the differential axle from steel, and the others can be made from aluminum or steel.

If you're careful and/or lucky, you can get all the shaft you need from a pair of 500mm shafts, not counting the 300mm shaft you need for the differential shaft.

| QTY | LENGTH | PART |
|:---:|:----:|:-----:|
| 1 | 300 | Differential Shaft |
| 6 | 50 | Wheel Axle Shaft |
| 4 | 61 | Steering Shaft |
| 2 | 66.5 | Suspension Bogie Pivot Point |
| 2 | 84 | Suspension Rocker Pivot Point |

## Hardware

You will also need the following hardware

| QTY | PART | NOTES |
|:---:|:----:|:-----:|
| 10 | LX-16A Servos | |
| 30 | 608ZZ Bearings | |
| 200 | M3x8mm socket head screws | |
| 200 | M3 washers | |
| 200 | M3 nuts | |
| 100 | M3 threaded inserts | |


## Aluminum Extrusions Beams for Rover Chassis

The following quantities and lengths are required to build Sawppy:

Quantity | Length (mm) | Purpose
--- | ---: | ---
4 | 385 | Main body box, lengthwise
4 | 245 | Main body box, widthwise
1 | 238 | Main body differential fixed beam
2 | 182 | Suspension member connecting rocker joint to front wheel
2 | 161 | Suspension member connecting rocker joint to bogie joint
2 | 122 | Suspension member connecting bogie joint to mid wheel
2 | 117 | Suspension member connecting bogie joint to rear wheel

Commit message:

Updated parts counts, added extrusion notes between images

docs/Parts List.md, after:

# Parts List

## Printed Parts
To Build Sawppy the Rover, you will need to print the following parts. Quantities and notes are listed.

You will need about 3kg of filament to print all the parts.

| QTY | PART | NOTES |
|:---:|:----:|:-----:|
| 88 | Clip2n125 | Print a few extra for spares |
| 12 | Clip3n20 | Print a few extra for spares |
| 6 | Wheel Hub | Print a few extra for spares |
| 10 | LX-16A - Coupler | Print a few extra for spares |
| 10 | LX-16A - Bracket | |
| 6 | Wheel | |
| 4 | Steering Knuckle | |
| 4 | Body Corner | |
| 2 | DiffBrace | |
| 2 | DiffLink | |
| 1 | DiffLower | |
| 1 | DiffUpper | |
| 2 | Rod Support | |
| 1 | Power Panel | |
| 2 | Fixed Knuckle | Mirrored |
| 2 | Front Corner | Mirrored |
| 2 | Rear Corner | Mirrored |
| 2 | Bogie Wheels | Mirrored |
| 2 | Bogie Body | Mirrored |
| 2 | Rocker | Mirrored |
| 2 | Rocker Body Mount | Mirrored |
| 2 | DiffEnd | Mirrored |
| 2 | Battery Tray | Mirrored |

## Shafts
The following are lengths and quantites for the shafts. You should make the differential axle from steel, and the others can be made from aluminum or steel.

If you're careful and/or lucky, you can get all the shaft you need from a pair of 500mm shafts, not counting the 300mm shaft you need for the differential shaft.

| QTY | LENGTH | PART |
|:---:|:----:|:-----:|
| 1 | 300 | Differential Shaft |
| 6 | 50 | Wheel Axle Shaft |
| 4 | 61 | Steering Shaft |
| 2 | 66.5 | Suspension Bogie Pivot Point |
| 2 | 84 | Suspension Rocker Pivot Point |

## Hardware

You will also need the following hardware

| QTY | PART | NOTES |
|:---:|:----:|:-----:|
| 10 | LX-16A Servos | |
| 30 | 608ZZ Bearings | |
| 300 | M3x8mm socket head screws | |
| 300 | M3 washers | |
| 300 | M3 nuts | |
| 100 | M3 threaded inserts | |
| 100 | 5/16" external retaining clips (E-Clips) | |
| 100 | M3x8 set screws | |



## Aluminum Extrusions Beams for Rover Chassis

The following quantities and lengths are required to build Sawppy:

Quantity | Length (mm) | Purpose
--- | ---: | ---
4 | 385 | Main body box, lengthwise
4 | 245 | Main body box, widthwise
1 | 238 | Main body differential fixed beam
2 | 182 | Suspension member connecting rocker joint to front wheel
2 | 161 | Suspension member connecting rocker joint to bogie joint
2 | 122 | Suspension member connecting bogie joint to mid wheel
2 | 117 | Suspension member connecting bogie joint to rear wheel
